`params`: support for tracking all params in a file (#3431)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/project-structure/pipelines-files.md

### Parameter dependencies

> [Parameters](/doc/command-reference/params) are a special type of stage

Reviewer: I'm not sure we need any of the changes to this user guide page. It otherwise looks like a very brief overview of parameters, and this seems like too much detail.

Reviewer 2: Oh I see you did update the schema ref. already @skshetry 👍🏼 

@dberenbaum I do think we need to update it since the schema changed. The detail given now may be too much but we can address that...

Reviewer 2: > the schema changed 

p.s. does https://github.com/iterative/dvcyaml-schema need an update?

Reviewer 3: > > the schema changed
> 
> p.s. does https://github.com/iterative/dvcyaml-schema need an update?

Done in https://github.com/iterative/dvcyaml-schema/pull/12

> dependency. They consist of a list of values, in which each value can be:
> 
> 1. a string which can be found in `params.yaml` file,
> 2. a dictionary, with key being the file path and value being the list of
>    parameters to find in a given file to track or set to empty/`null` which will
>    track all the parameters in the file. The given file path must be a valid
>    YAML, JSON, TOML, or Python parameters file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
dependency. They consist of a list of params to track in one of these formats:

1. A param key/value pair that can be found in `params.yaml` (default
   params file);
2. A dictionary named by the file path to a custom params file, and with a
   list of param key/value pairs to find in it;
3. An empty set (give no value or use `null`) named by the file path to a
   params file: to track all the params in it dynamically. 
  
> Note that file paths used must be to valid YAML, JSON, TOML, or Python
> parameters file.
```
^ That last note should probably be an admonition.

### Parameter dependencies

[Parameters](/doc/command-reference/params) are a special type of stage
dependency. They consist of a list of params to track in one of these formats:

1. A param key/value pair that can be found in `params.yaml` (default
   params file);
2. A dictionary named by the file path to a custom params file, and with a
   list of param key/value pairs to find in it;
3. An empty set (give no value or use `null`) named by the file path to a

>    params file: to track all the params in it dynamically. 

Reviewer 2: > The detail given now may be too much but we can address that... (from https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/3431#pullrequestreview-936901013)

Well... I ended up adding even more details here. This should at some point get extracted to a separate guide (https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/issues/2572) but OK to keep for now, I think.

    params:

>       - threshold
>       - passes
>       - custom_params.yaml: # track only specified parameters
>           - epochs
>       - config.json: # track all parameters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - threshold  # track specific parameter (from params.yaml)
      - passes
      - custom_params.yaml:  # track only specified parameters
          - epochs
      - config.json:  # track all parameters
```
